In this lab, we're going to configure default gateways and ensure that the devices in the network can
ping one another.
To do that, we need to configure and optimize HSRP or hot standby routing protocol.
We're going to enable EIGRP on the core switches and ISR router.
We're going to configure the PCs and the server with IP addresses as shown here.
And then we're going to make sure that the PCs can oing each other as well as the server.
And we need to verify connectivity between the switches and server and PCs.
So as an example, this PC in VLAN 1 should be able to ping PC 2,PC three, the server and the
access switches and the router, once this lab is completed. Can you complete this lab yourself? Download
the attached packet tracer file and try it.
It's not easy, but see if you can do it and get it working yourself.
You need to be able to do this for the CCNA exam.